This document will summarise the outcomes of the testing phase of the
"Website" project for CSCI102:

There were some important issues raised from the findings of the test plan and
results report. Most notably that the independant testing of the website found
that the guest book was vunerable to malicious embedded HTML and that the
majority of the webpages did not comform to any of the W3C's HTML 4.01
standards.

Advice was given to the development team in how to rectify this nonconformance
as it is importand that the client expects that their website will look simliar
across the myriad of popular Internet browsers available. The major contenders
being Microsoft's Internet Explorer and Netscape Mozilla (Gecko renderer).

Also, there was a general consensus that there was a poor choice of colour
scheme for the website. Considering that the success of a website is primarly
judged on it's asthetic value first then technical savvy second, this was an
issue that was delt with swiftly and efficiently due to the use of Cascading
Style Sheets.

The dev team decided to have a brainstorm and have all the members attempt at
concocting their own CSS file to display the website in what they perceived a
"pleasing" manner, which produced a varied response as each member of the
development team is extreamly individualistis, with some renditions of the web
page resembling cubistic art and other analogous to what could only be termed
refuse. At the end of the brainstorm, elements were taken from a number of
submissions to produce what was considered to be an asthetically pleasing
compromise. However, the jury is still out on that one.

The compiler of the Test Plan and Results report had their own difficulities
when it was discovered that they did not have any ready access to a printing
device to transfer the report from a digital form to an acceptable paper
medium. Luckily, this problem was brought up in a weekly meeting before the
deadline for the report allowing the team to improvise. In the end, a pleasing
result was attained.

Due to the development of the website running behind schedule, the execution
of the test plan was delayed a not insignificant amount of time as the test
cases were dependant on the completion of the website. This did not cause as
much pain as it could have, given that if the development finished after the
deadline for the Test Plan and Results report, then the entire report would
have been void. However, the independant testing was completed on time and the
individual summaries of the "user" testing can be seen attached to the report.

In summary, the Test Plan and Report phase of the project helped the team to
isolate problems in the development process of the "website", which, once
brought to the team's attention, were delt with in an efficient manner,
producing, what we hope, one of the industries greatest creations with a meld
of both artistic genius and technical savvy.
